First Report for a Student Chosen Project

    (Please report on your progress toward completing your chosen
    project by answering the following questions.)

1. In the table below, list the dates, amount of time spent, and
description of the work that you did on your project. Follow the example
that is in the first row of the table below. Include the time you spent
doing any of the following:

    a. discussing your project with your teacher, tutor, or fellow students
    b. researching by reading articles and watching applicable videos
    c. designing your project by drawing diagrams and other applicable documents
    d. writing experimental code
    d. writing code for your project
    e. writing test functions
    f. debugging your code
    g. any other activity that helped you complete your project

            Time Spent
   Date       (hours)   Description of Work
----------  ----------  -------------------------
2023-10-07      1    Read tutorials about the Python requests module
2023-11-07      1    researching by reading articles and watching applicable videos
2023-12-07      1    designing your project by drawing diagrams and other applicable documents
2023-13-07      1    writing experimental code

2. Write the names of the functions in your program.
    a. display_menu()
    b. get_user_choice()
    c. add()
    d. subtract()
    e. multiply()
    f. divide()
    g. exponentiate()
    h. square_root()
    i. trigonometric_functions()
    j. main()

3. Answer the following questions about the functions in your program.
    a. Does each function perform a single task?
        Ans. Yes, each function in the program performs a single task. For example, the add() function performs addition, the subtract() function performs subtraction, multiply() function performs multiplication, and so on.

    b. Does the name of each function describe or convey the task?
        Ans. Yes, the name of each function describes or conveys the task it performs. For instance, add() adds two numbers, subtract() subtracts two numbers, multiply() multiplies two numbers, etc.
    
    c. Do most of your program functions have parameters and return a result?
        Ans. Most of the program functions have parameters that allow the user to input the necessary data, and they display the result directly using the print statement rather than returning a value.

    If you answered "no" to any of the above three questions, what are
    you planning to change in your project?
        Ans. No, since most of the functions don't return values, they are more suitable for printing the results directly to the console. 


4. Write the names of the test functions that you wrote to test your
program functions.
    Ans. def test_add():
    assert add(2, 3) == 5
    assert add(0, 0) == 0
    assert add(-5, 5) == 0

def test_subtract():
    assert subtract(5, 2) == 3
    assert subtract(10, 10) == 0
    assert subtract(-5, -2) == -3

# Add test functions for the other calculator functions...

